CDRTool
=======

Copyright (c) 2002-2024 AG Projects
https://ag-projects.com

CDRTool is an open-source mediation and rating engine for Call Details
Records generated by OpenSIPS.

CDRTool provides anti-fraud mechanisms like daily and monthly quota and a
prepaid engine to allow calls based on cost up to a certain balance.

CDRTool is a WEB application that provides instant access to call detail
records, SIP traces and consolidated statistics based on available data.

The software is written in PHP language.


Target market
-------------

The main goal of CDRTool is to provide a carrier grade mediation and rating
engine for service providers deploying OpenSIPS as SIP Proxy/Registrar.

CDRTool is a mature product with +20 years in production and has been
used in environments with tens of millions of CDRs per month.


Features
--------

CDRTool allows real-time web access to Call Details Records generated by
OpenSIPS radius accounting and sip trace modules. The information can be
combined with media information logged by MediaProxy while a separate
OpenSIPS module can display complete messages of all SIP messages the enter
and exit the SIP Proxy. CDRs can be filtered and statistics can be built in
real-time to summarize service usage based on various criteria.

Multiple users can share the CDR search criteria and the query results.
Ticket numbers can be linked to sets of Call Details Records. Queries and
results can be replayed later to reproduce an exiting or a previous problem.
This feature allows fast communication and troubleshooting when multiple
departments work together to find a resolution for a problem and communicate
it with the customer.


 * Real-time rating engine for postpaid and prepaid accounting
 * Web and CSV file management for rating tables
 * CDR search with query criteria saved for later use
 * Search results can be grouped by any field available in the CDR
 * Links from CDR level down to SIP trace and Media trace level
 * Multiple data-sources with consistent search and export capabilities
 * Login accounts can restrict access to CDRs per subscriber, domain or gateway
 * Rating based on day of week, time of day, duration, destination and ENUM tree
 * Display ongoing media sessions from MediaProxy
 * Display registered SIP accounts from OpenSIPS
 * Displays SIP trace from sip_trace OpenSIPS module
 * Displays Media trace from MediaProxy media_sesions table
 * Manage prepaid cards and accounts for Call Control
 * Builds graphical usage statistics for SIP platform usage


Data sources
------------

- OpenSIPS
- MediaProxy

Other data sources that use Radius can be easily ported.


Installation
------------

See INSTALL file.


Using CDRTool
-------------

See USAGE file.


Disclaimer
----------

Included documentation is not necessary enough to successfully complete the
installation and deployment of CDRTool.  Most of the configuration tasks are
related to setting up components outside CDRTool environment.

Good knowledge in the configuration of MySQL, FreeRadius, MediaProxy and
OpenSIPS are required to successfully complete the installation.

